Student Reports


256
 Audrina moves beautifully through the air! She is such a fun student in class. Flexibility is her strength. I was thrilled to see her performance in recital as she has grown so much this year as an aerialist!

257
 Arabella has grown as an aerial student this year. She continues to work toward conquering her fear of certain skills in Lyra. I love to see her step up and be brave! Arabella’s personality is sweet and kind. It was a pleasure having her in class and seeing her perform everything she worked so hard to learn. I hope to see her next year!

258
 Cadence is strong, fearless, and graceful. She is such a joy to have in class! She’s attentive and polite. Her outgoing personality was refreshing to see in class. I’m so glad she got to showcase all of her newly discovered talents in recital this year!

478
 Anna moves gracefully through the air and leads the class in bravery. Every challenge presented was met with grit and determination. I am so glad I got to teach her this year. She is developing into a strong and graceful aerialist! I hope to have her in class next year.

479
 Isabel is so sweet! The bar was set high for her this year since she moved up! She tackled every skill and really improved on linking skills together! She is always a joy to have in class as she is respectful and attentive. I hope to see her next year in Lyra. 

480
 Amber is such a positive light in class! I’ve seen the most improvement with her spinning this year. Her flexibility and grace are a sight to behold! I’m grateful to have had her as a student. I hope to teach her again next year!

481
 Lily has gained so much confidence and strength this year! She has certainly leveled up as an aerialist. I love to see her find her comfortability in the Lyra. I am grateful I got to teach her again this year and hope to teach her again next year!

482
 Leila is a beautiful aerialist! Her flexibility is her strength. She’s gained so much upper body strength this year! I love to see Leila gain confidence in the air! She’s such a joy to have in class and I hope to teach her again in the future!

483
 Tessa is strong, respectful, and leads the class in skill as usual! I love having her in my class. She’s attentive and flies effortlessly through the air and what a joy it is to see her on stage! There’s nothing she will not achieve when she puts her mind to it!

484
 Leah is an amazing student and aerialist! She is very talented and her confidence and skill have grown this year. She has improved her ability to link skills together and conquered any fear of skills each practice. I hope to teach her again in the future! I enjoy having her as a student.

485
 

550
 Thaden has worked hard in Lyra this year. He improved on his attitude and skill. I see him getting stronger and more determined. He can achieve anything once he gets out of his own way! Thank you for letting me teach him this year. 

551
 Callie has a natural ability to move through the air! Her previous training came in handy and earned her a spot at the top of the class! She was one of the strongest and executed every skill perfectly! I loved seeing her grow as an aerialist and hope she continues her aerial journey!

552
 Aevyn is so strong! She is a beautiful aerialist and led the class in strength and flexibility! Her positive attitude was infectious in class. She did a phenomenal job lifting other students up that were struggling. She was such a joy to have in class!! I will miss teaching her next year but I hope she continues her aerial journey!

553
 Lynlee’s confidence in Lyra skyrocketed this year! She has done so well in class and tackled every skill with ease. I am glad to see her progress and hope to see her in Lyra next year!

554
 Abby has gained so much strength this year! I love having her in class. Her Lyra skills have grown and I am excited to see her continue progressing! I hope to teach her again next year! 

Course Reports


47
 This class covered foundational Lyra skills. Inverting under the bar and using upper body strength to hold a bent arm shape and pull up into the apparatus are the main focus in this class. We also work toward building confidence in the air.

85
 This class builds on the curriculum learned in intro to lyra. Main focuses are continuing gaining upper body strength(pull-ups), working on fast spins, and working toward a straight arm invert. 

97
  This class covered foundational Lyra skills. Inverting under the bar and using upper body strength to hold a bent arm shape and pull up into the apparatus are the main focus in this class. We also work toward building confidence in the air.

